{"title":"Ondina Nadine Hatvany - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":219,"salutation":"","first_name":"Ondina Nadine","last_name":"Hatvany","credentials":"","job_title":"MFT","company":"","short_desc":"Licensed psychotherapist (Marriage and Family Therapist). MA in Somatic Psychotherapy. EMDR certified. CA Marriage and Family Therapist License 38780","phone":"415-381-1065","fax":"","address":"1. 2120 Market St, Suite 108, The Castro, San Francisco, CA 94114, USA<br>2. 220 Montgomery Street, Suite 1019, San Francisco, 94104","email":"ondinah@gmail.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.OndinaWellness.com","website2":"","fees":"$130-$ 170 per session. Free initial  telephone consultation. I accept PPO insurance with all insurance companies which cover out-of-network providers plus numerous EAP (Employee Assistance Programs).","description":"I am a queer therapist whose clients include individuals and couples from the GLBTQ, kink, and BDSM communities.\n\n\n\n\n\nAlthough often difficult periods of change can give us opportunities to bring our lives more in alignment with what has true value and meaning for ourselves. I work with people during important transitions in their lives, for instance either starting or leaving a significant job or relationship.\n\n\n\n\n\nCommunication, trust, intimacy and/ or sexual issues with your partner? I am very comfortable working with traditional, alternative and queer couples. I assist you and your partner to develop better communication and understanding around sensitive topics such as betrayal, intimacy and trust.\n\n\n\n\n\nAs former Director of the Eating Disorders program at Community Institute of San Rafael, Marin, I work with people who obsess that if they only had the perfect weight their lives would work out. So many of us through overdieting and body hatred have lost our connection to ourselves. The body instead of being home for our psyche/ spirit becomes the battleground. I work with clients to get off the fasting/ feasting cycle and reclaim their appetite for life. I also lead support/ psycho-educational groups for women with food/ weight and body image struggles.\n\n\n\n\n\nDo you feel emotionally stuck in the past? You might be suffering from trauma. I help my clients move through past traumatic experiences using EMDR (eye movement desensitization reprocessing) This well researched method has fast and effective results in working with people suffering from trauma. I also help my clients release the cellular and muscular memory of the trauma (which is where trauma is often stored) using somatic psychotherapy. This is an approach that taps into body awareness and mindfulness, which does not involve touch.\n\n\n\n\n\nPlease check my website (above) for more information and articles written.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
