{"title":"Barbara Brown - Psychotherapists - Licensed from CA-Ontario","id":45,"salutation":"","first_name":"Barbara","last_name":"Brown","credentials":"","job_title":"BSc (anatomy) MTS (counseling)","company":"","short_desc":"Psychotherapist and Craniosacral Practitioner, Harbord Health Centre. Levels I and II Craniosacral Training. An integrative approach to health and healing.","phone":"416-461-1478","fax":"","address":"100 Harbord Street, 2nd Floor, Toronto, ON Canada, M5S 1G6","email":"babrown66@hotmail.com","email2":"","website":"","website2":"","fees":"$80 per 50 minute session - negotiable","description":"I offer caring, compassionate support for a process that allows you to go\ndeep effectively and manageably. In a relationship of safety, we will\ndraw on physical, emotional, and intellectual awareness to assist growth\nand change. Through using various modalities such as meditation,\nvisualization, movement, and creative expression, personal knowing and\nexpansion is enhanced.\n\n\n\n    \n\nI have worked extensively with people healing from trauma, including\nchild sexual and physical abuse, and with those exploring creativity,\nsexuality, body and health issues, and spirituality. I bring a\nsensitivity to and awareness of questions of sexual and gender\norientation. General areas of focus include self-esteem, image,\nassertiveness, and communication skills.\n\n\n\n\n\nWhat is Craniosacral Work? It is a hands-on meditative process that\nbrings about change gently and non-intrusively. Craniosacral treatments\nprovide energy balancing that supports our innate ability to heal. Coming\nout of osteopathic medicine, it involves gentle holding and light touch\non the head, face, and tailbone. People report a deep sense of\nrelaxation, calm, groundedness, and/or centeredness from treatments.\nCraniosacral techniques can be used in conjuncture with the\npsychotherapeutic process, where appropriate, as one method of supporting\ninternal change. The client is fully clothed for the session.\n\n\n\n\n\nPublications (full publication CV available upon request): My Breasts, My\nChoice: A Photographic & Narrative Journey, exploring peoples experience\nof breast and chest surgery through photography and storytelling.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"CA-Ontario","countries":"CA","regions":"Ontario","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
