{"title":"Betti Schleyer - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-NY","id":207,"salutation":"","first_name":"Betti","last_name":"Schleyer","credentials":"","job_title":"PhD","company":"","short_desc":"Licensed Psychologist - NY License # 011902","phone":"914-420-7758","fax":"","address":"34 S. Broadway, Suite 100, White Plains, NY 10601","email":"bschleyerphd@verizon.net","email2":"","website":"","website2":"","fees":"Sliding pay scale. Insurance: Optum","description":"Dr. Schleyer obtained her Ph.D. from Fordham University followed by two years of post-graduate training at the Family Institute of Westchester. She has more than 30 years of experience as a therapist and is a specialist in treating the LGBT population. She also has extensive experience in working with depression, anxiety, and trauma, has extensive experience with EMDR, and has been trained in hypnosis. She is kink and poly-friendly. She works with people over 18, couples in Mixed-Orientation Marriages, and families struggling with transition and coming-out issues.\n\n\n\n\n\nDr. Schleyer is a bisexual activist, and facilitates the bisexual support group at The LOFT, the LGBT Center in Westchester, NY. She is a former Board Member of BiNET USA, and is currently affiliated with the New York Area Bisexual Network. She is a regular speaker and presenter for many counseling centers, giving talks on such subjects as treating clients with DBT, EMDR, Treating the Chronically Suicidal Patient, and treating bisexual clients, and has spoken on bisexual issues for Prideworks, Trevor Project, and Identity House.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-NY (New York)","countries":"US","regions":"NY","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
