{"title":"Monique Noelle - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-MA","id":115,"salutation":"","first_name":"Monique","last_name":"Noelle","credentials":"","job_title":"PhD","company":"","short_desc":"Massachusetts Licensed Clinical Psychologist, #8212","phone":"(617) 388-9985","fax":"","address":"1130 Massachusetts Ave., Third Floor (in Harvard Square), Cambridge, MA 02138  USA","email":"","email2":"","website":"","website2":"","fees":"$125 per session; sliding scale may be available","description":"I am a licensed psychologist in private practice in Harvard Square in\nCambridge, MA.  I completed my pre-doctoral internship and post-doctoral\ntraining at Massachusetts General Hospital and Fenway Community Health, a\nhealth center that serves primarily the BGLT community, and I remain\naffiliated with both.  I offer individual psychotherapy to adults of all\nages, and my specialty area is with Bisexual individuals, Transgender and\nGender Variant individuals, and Gay and Lesbian individuals.  Other\nspecialties include anxiety, depression, relationship difficulties,\nmindfulness-based therapies, and trauma.  My past research has addressed\nanti-BGL hate-crime victimization, and I have taught and made\nprofessional presentations concerning that topic, as well as the\ncommonalities between the Bisexual and Transgender movements.  My\nstandard fee is $125 per session.  I am a pending provider for BC/BS and\nother private insurance companies, and may be able to offer a sliding\nscale depending on availability.  My private practice is located in\nHarvard Square, quite accessible by subway and bus.  Currently my hours\nare Thursday afternoons only.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-MA (Massachusetts)","countries":"US","regions":"MA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
