{"title":"Ronete Cohen - Psychotherapists - Licensed from UK-All","id":188,"salutation":"","first_name":"Ronete","last_name":"Cohen","credentials":"","job_title":"Psychologist","company":"","short_desc":"Rainbow Couch\n\n\nI have a Drs (BA and MA) degree in psychology from Leiden University in the Netherlands. I completed two trainings in Experiential Dynamic Therapy. I trained in Somatic Trauma Therapy with Babette Rothschild and in treating trauma and dissociative disorders with Kathy Steele. I'm a Pink Therapy Clinical Associate and a member of the London Gender, Sex and Relationship Diversity Practice. I'm an Accredited Member of the National Counselling Society, membership number NCS20-02001. I'm a member of the European Society for Trauma & Dissociation.","phone":"077-4766-8444","fax":"","address":"London, England and online","email":"ronete@rainbowcouch.com","email2":"","website":"http://rainbowcouch.com/","website2":"","fees":"138.00 pounds for individual therapy, 180.00 pounds for relationship therapy.","description":"I'm a psychologist and psychodynamic psychotherapist who works with individuals and relationships. I specialise in GSRD (Gender, Sex and Relationship Diversities: LGBTQ+, non-monogamies, kink, sex work) and race, culture neurodiversity and disability. I have specialist training in trauma, PTSD and CPTSD (complex PTSD) and dissociation. I have extensive experience of working with adult survivors of childhood trauma. I speak English, Hebrew and Dutch.\n\n\n\n\n\nI work with compassion, respect and acceptance. I don't judge. Therapy is a collaborative process where I am your expert guide. It's important to me that you maintain control at all times and feel safe. I do my best to hear you. There is nothing we can't talk about. That includes how we -- therapist and client -- relate to each other. We can discuss anything while ensuring that clear boundaries and mutual consent are respected.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"UK-All (United Kingdom)","countries":"UK","regions":"All","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
