{"title":"Margaret Nichols - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-NJ","id":97,"salutation":"","first_name":"Margaret","last_name":"Nichols","credentials":"","job_title":"PhD","company":"","short_desc":"IPG - Institute for Personal Growth. Licensed psychologist (license #1847) and diplomate in sex therapy in NJ. Ph.D. from Columbia University, NY, and completed post doctoral sex therapy certification at Robert Wood Johnson Medical School, NJ","phone":"800-379-9200, 732-246-8439","fax":"732-246-8081","address":"281 Pavonia Ave. Jersey City, NJ 07302 (offices also in Highland Park, NJ and Freehold, NJ)","email":"ipgcounseling@ipgcounseling.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.ipgcounseling.com","website2":"","fees":"Please contact me for more information about fees.","description":"IPGs philosophy is rooted in a commitment to serve all people, especially those who are unable to get high quality care from \"mainstream\" psychology. We were founded with the express purpose of providing therapy to the gay and lesbian population. Many of our staff are gay, lesbian, bisexual, or transgendered, and all are gay affirmative. In the last few years we have expanded to include services for bisexuals, transgendered people, and those involved in the BDSM community. We are internationally recognized for our expertise in this area. All clients are seen in our private offices, where strict confidentiality is maintained. The majority of our\nreferrals are word of mouth, but our clients may be referred by their insurance companies, or by other professionals. We are convenient to most of south/central and northern Jersey and lower Manhattan, are on most managed care panels, and accept most insurance plans.\n\n\n\n \n\nAdditional credentials include:\n<ul type=\"disc\">\n<li>Created the Womens Center of Monmouth County, NJ, one of the first\nbattered womens shelters in New Jersey.</li>\n<li>Founded the Hyacinth\nFoundation, New Jerseys primary HIV social service agency.</li><li>\nInternationally published author and speaker.</li>\n<li>Participated in two\ninvited symposiums at the Kinsey Institute that resulted in books\npublished by Oxford University Press. </li>\n<li>Two chapters in the\ngroundbreaking book Lesbian Psychologies, and a chapter on sexual\nminorities in the leading text book in the sex therapy field,\nPrinciples and Practices of Sex Therapy, edited by Leiblum and Rosen.</li>\n<li>Member of the American Psychological Association, the American\nAssociation of Sex Educators, Counselors, and Therapists, and local\nchapters of a variety of professional groups.</li>\n</ul>","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-NJ (New Jersey)","countries":"US","regions":"NJ","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
