{"title":"William A. Henkin - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":29,"salutation":"","first_name":"William A.","last_name":"Henkin","credentials":"","job_title":"MFT, PhD","company":"","short_desc":"I am a licensed psychotherapist in the State of California (license #MFT 22960), and a board certified sex therapist in the United States of America (American Board of Sexology). I hold an MA in counseling psychology and a Ph.D. in human sexuality.","phone":"(415) 923-1150","fax":"(415) 337-1124","address":"1801 Bush Street, Suite 111, San Francisco, CA 94109","email":"oroborous@earthlink.net","email2":"","website":"","website2":"","fees":"Contact me for more information.","description":"Mine is a general psychotherapy practice in which I pay special\nattention to alternate sex and gender concerns, and to people living\nlifestyles involving those concerns. I work with adult individuals and\ncouples of all identities and orientations in the leather, fetish, and\ntransgender communities, and have taught, spoken, and/or published\nwidely in those areas. I also work with anxiety, depression, shame,\nguilt, trust difficulties, damaged self-esteem, and inner children, any\nof which may be concerns for people who have been characterized as\noutsiders in society. Sex and gender issues frequently affect\nsignificant others, including romantic and erotic partners, parents,\nsilblings, children, friends, colleagues, and business associates, and I\nhave experience working with them as well. I am a member of the\nCalifornia Association of Marriage and Family Therapists, the Society\nfor the Scientific Study of Sexuality, the American Academy of Clinical\nSexologists, the Harry Benjamin International Gender Dysphoria\nAssociation, and the International Foundation for Gender Education, and\nI am a once and future member of the National Leather Association. \n\n\n\n\n\nPublications include:\n<ul type=\"circle\">\n<li>Consensual Sadomasochism: How to Talk About It and How to Do It Safely (with Sybil Holiday). Daedalus Publishing Company.</li>\n<li>Bodywise (with Joseph Heller). Wingbow Press</li>\n<li>The Psychic Healing Book (with Amy Wallace). Wingbow Press.</li>\n<li>The Rocky Horror Picture Show Book. Hawthorn Publishing.</li>\n</ul>\n\n\n\nI do not have a website or url, but some of my writings, mostly from 1988 - 1996, can be found at <a href=\"http://www.sexuality.org/wh.html\">http://www.sexuality.org/wh.html</a>. Further questions? Please write.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
