{"title":"Joy Davidson - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-WA","id":14,"salutation":"","first_name":"Joy","last_name":"Davidson","credentials":"","job_title":"Ph.D.","company":"","short_desc":"Certified Counselor (WA); Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (CA). AASECT Certified Sex Therapist; Clinical Sexologist: Diplomate, The American Board of Sexology.","phone":"206-264-5074","fax":"","address":"Seattle, Washington, Queen Anne area","email":"drjoydavidson@comcast.net","email2":"","website":"","website2":"","fees":"$125 per session; sliding scale unavailable. I provide statements which expedite your insurance reimbursement, but I do not take insurance directly.","description":"I have been a psychotherapist and couples therapist since 1980 and have\nworked extensively with bisexual, lesbian, transgender, polyamorous and\nbdsm-oriented clients throughout my professional career.  My style is warm,\nopen and expressive. In my work as a certified sex therapist my particular\nexpertise is in the area of womens sexuality, desire disorders, and phase\nof life issues. I am a sex and relationship advice columnist for national\nmagazines and a feature articles contributor.  I am currently working on my\nsecond book, due out in spring 2003, which focuses on female sexuality. I\ncreated the \"Working with Polyamorous Clients in the Clinical Setting\"\nworkshop for sexuality professionals  (outline available at\n<A HREF=\"http:\\www.lovethatworks.org\">www.lovethatworks.org</A>). I have additional expertise in treatment related to ADD, disorders of mood, and enhancement of the creative process.  The demands of writing mean that my private practice is small and often full, but I urge\nyou to inquire about availability. Feel free to make initial inquiries\nvia email.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-WA (Washington)","countries":"US","regions":"WA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
