{"title":"Morgan Looney - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-OR","id":305,"salutation":"","first_name":"Morgan","last_name":"Looney","credentials":"","job_title":"","company":"","short_desc":"I have my Masters in Clinical Psychology and am an LPCi under supervision from Fawna Roberts LPC","phone":"503-714-1370","fax":"","address":"Portland, OR, USA","email":"morgandlooney@gmail.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.portland-therapist.com/alameda.html","website2":"","fees":"See below for fee details","description":"Philosophy and Approach: I believe that each person deserves to thrive and create the best life possible for them. I utilize a multifaceted approach that is tailored to the client depending on their presenting concerns, goals, needs, and strengths. Sessions are person centered and address treatment goals by applying Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, Dialectical Behavior Therapy, Positive Psychology, Motivational Interviewing, and Mindfulness techniques.\n\n\n\n\n\nI specialize in gender and sexual minority support. I have experience with youth and adults in the LGBTQIAQ and Poly-Alt-Kink communities. I believe that individuals have the right to get support from someone that is familiar with the unique considerations of these communities. I also understand how membership in these communities is not one's entire identity. As individuals all people face a complex range of ups and downs in life which may or may not be impacted by intersectional identities.\n\n\n\n\n\nFees: Group facilitation, individual counseling and partners counseling services are all offered at a standard rate of $40 per 50 minute session after an initial $75 fee for a 90 min intake session. I offer a sliding scale in situations of significant financial hardship so that finances are not a barrier to receiving support. I provide a quarterly support group for current clients at no fee.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-OR (Oregon)","countries":"US","regions":"OR","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
