{"title":"Heather McPherson - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-TX","id":213,"salutation":"","first_name":"Heather","last_name":"McPherson","credentials":"","job_title":"M.A., LPC, LMFT","company":"","short_desc":"Therapist, counselor. LPC, #67404. LMFT, #201689. Texas","phone":"512-553-6310","fax":"","address":"4611 Bee Caves Rd. #300 Austin, TX. USA 78749","email":"Austinlifecounseling@gmail.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.AustinLifeCounseling.com","website2":"","fees":"45-50 Minutes Sessions are $95-$110. Ask for packages and sliding scale openings.","description":"Welcome! I am a Licensed Professional Counselor, Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist and Kink-Aware Therapist in Austin, Texas. I provide Therapy and Coaching in my office in Westlake, and through telephone and Skype if you are a resident of Texas.\n\n\n\n\n\nI strive to provide an open, nonjudgmental environment where clients can explore and grow. I work with individuals (Adults), couples, partnerships, groups, and families with issues involved in traditional and alternative lifestyles and relationships.\n\n\n\n\n\nAs a sex positive therapist, I have experience working with members of the Bisexual, Lesbian, Gay, Queer and Polyamorous, Swinger,  and Kink communities. Issues of focus include: Ethical non-monogamy, Open Relationships, BDSM, Career Counseling, Pre-marital Counseling, Affairs, Healthy Sexuality, and Major Life Transitions, Anxiety, Body Image Issues.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-TX (Texas)","countries":"US","regions":"TX","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
