{"title":"Liz Lipman-Stern - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-NJ","id":103,"salutation":"","first_name":"Liz","last_name":"Lipman-Stern","credentials":"","job_title":"MSW","company":"","short_desc":"Psychotherapist. Both face-to-face and telephone sessions available.","phone":"732.729.9768","fax":"","address":"Highland Park, NJ, USA","email":"sept255@aol.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.outsidetheboxcouns.com","website2":"","fees":"Fees: Sliding scale fee of $50 to $100 per session","description":"To me, psychotherapy is about supporting people to assume full control of\ntheir own lives with power, compassion, and joy. The goal of therapy is a\nworld full of powerful, loving people at ease with themselves and each\nother.\n\n\n\n\nI act as a mirror, not a judge, providing you with a reflection of\nyourself, one that you might not have seen before.  With that reflection,\nyou can move toward finding solutions or not -- that is up to you.  I\nalso help guide you toward developing inner and outer skills to reach\nyour goals.\n\n\n\n\nI have a masters degree in social work (MSW) and have been in this\nhelping profession for 17 years. My professional experience includes\nworking with people from a variety of age groups and a variety of\nbackgrounds.  As a school counselor for many years, I worked with\nchildren from ages 3 through 14 and with their parents.  As a\npsychotherapist in private practice, I work with all age groups,\nindividually and in family groups (twos, threes fours or more).\n\n\n\n\nI am knowledgeable and experienced both personally and professionally in\nthe area of \"alternative\" lifestyles.  For me, \"alternative\" means a way\nof life other than what society tells us is the \"normal\" or \"acceptable\"\nway.  I have experience working with people who identify as transgender,\nbisexual, lesbian, gay, transsexual, polyamorous, and those involved in\nthe bdsm community.\n\n\n\n\nI can be reached at 732.729.9768 or email: sept255@aol.com.  Please feel\nfree to contact me if you have any questions or would like more\ninformation about me.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-NJ (New Jersey)","countries":"US","regions":"NJ","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
