{"title":"Robin Taylor - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":54,"salutation":"","first_name":"Robin","last_name":"Taylor","credentials":"","job_title":"Ph.D.,  LPC","company":"","short_desc":"Psychotherapist and sex counselor. Certified by the American College of Sexologists. Licensed Professional Counselor, # 903 New Mexico.","phone":"505.438.2533","fax":"","address":"I have offices in Palo Alto and Burlingame, as well as in Santa Fe, New Mexico.","email":"robint@cnsp.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.robintaylor.net","website2":"","fees":"50-80 per hour","description":"I am licensed as a psychotherapist and certified as a sex\ntherapist, and my approach to counseling is more spiritual than\ntraditional. I approach every client with the belief that who they are\nsexually is a part of their core, and that the issues they may have are\nusually a result of life circumstances.  In the process of working\ntogether, I strive to assist in the natural unfolding of who they are\nsexually. Often, sexual issues are complicated by other general issues,\nsuch as  relationships, communication, addictions, transitions, and\nprofessional concerns.\n\n\n\n\n      Over the years I have worked with many gay and bisexual people. I\nhave worked too with people who have concerns about gender identity,\ntransvestism,  fetish interests, sexual health and performance, aging,\nand lifestyle issues as they are related to parenting. Often, several of\nthese concerns are compounded. I also coach people about Tantra, and how\nthis approach to sexuality can be meaningful as a spiritual philosophy,\nas well as a performance enhancement.\n\n\n\n\n      I work with any age client and my fees range from $50 to $80\nhourly.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
