{"title":"Ron Fox - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":105,"salutation":"","first_name":"Ron","last_name":"Fox","credentials":"","job_title":"PhD, MFT","company":"","short_desc":"CA license number MFC 22194","phone":"(415) 751-6714","fax":"","address":"18th Street & Diamond, San Francisco, California, Castro District","email":"ronfox@ronfoxphd.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.bitherapy.com","website2":"","fees":"Standard fee: $125.  Sliding scale fee: $70 - $125. Evening and Saturday hours available.","description":"I am San Francisco based psychotherapist, educator, researcher, and\nauthor. I have been in private practice for 17 years working with a wide\nrange of people and issues. I am experienced in working individuals,\ncouples, groups, and families with issues involved in traditional,\nalternative, bi, and poly lifestyles and relationships. I am openly\nbisexual and known in the community for my work with bisexual, gay,\nlesbian, queer, and questioning people.\n\n\n\n\nMy particular interests as a therapist include helping with: overcoming\ndepression and anxiety; enhancing self-expression and creativity; using\nself-reflection and meditation for personal growth and self-discovery;\nacknowledging and maintaining a self-affirming bisexual, gay, or lesbian\nidentity; understanding and healing from childhood physical, sexual and\nemotional abuse; facing and working with ACA/ co-dependency/substance and\nother recovery and family of origin related issues; understanding\nsexuality and intimacy in relationships; working with issues of monogamy,\nnon-monogamy, and polyamory in relationships; and enhancing communication\nskills for everyday situations and for negotiating the structure and\ndetails of consensual adult relationships.\n\n\n\n   \nI conducted the first large-scale study on bisexual identity and have\ncontributed several chapters on bisexuality to LGBT psychology books. I\nhave presented workshops on sexual diversity & bisexual issues at\nprofessional conferences, graduate schools, and community agencies, as\nwell as at U.S. and international conferences on bisexuality. I am a\nmember of the editorial board of the Journal of Bisexuality and the guest\neditor of special issues of the Journal on current research on\nbisexuality and on affirmative psychotherapy with bisexual women and\nbisexual men. I was a member of the Task Force that wrote the recently\nadopted American Psychological Associations Guidelines for Psychotherapy\nwith LGB Clients. I am Co-Chair of the Committee on Bisexual Issues in\nPsychology of the APAs Division 44 (Society for the Psychological Study\nof LGB Issues).\n\n\n\n\nMy bi resources website can be found at <a href=\"http://www.bisources.com\">http://www.bisources.com</a>.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
