{"title":"Rachel Robbins - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":245,"salutation":"","first_name":"Rachel","last_name":"Robbins","credentials":"","job_title":"PsyD","company":"","short_desc":"Psychotherapy for adults, young adults, and couples\n\n\nLicensed Clinical Psychologist in CA - License Number PSY22646","phone":"(415) 625-9778","fax":"","address":"459 Fulton St., Suite 106, San Francisco, CA, USA","email":"rachel@drrachelrobbins.com","email2":"","website":"www.drrachelrobbins.com","website2":"","fees":"Sliding scale based on income, life circumstance, systemic, and environmental factors. You can find my updated sliding scale on my website and ask me about how we can determine your specific fee.","description":"At my practice Divergent Worlds I provide psychotherapy for adults, young adults, and relationships; supervision for associates; and clinical consultations. I approach this work with a collaborative style, supporting people as they engage in their therapy experience. I provide non-judgmental supportive therapy for people with a range of sexual, relationship, and gender identities and experiences, including LGBTQIQA2S, BDSM, sexual variations, furries, non-monogamy, non binary gender and gender fluidity, and sex workers. I specialize in working through sexuality/gender/relationship related concerns, and supporting these folks with the other aspects of their inner and outer worlds. In my practice and in my world, I acknowledge and work to address systematic and environmental barriers and oppression, and I strive to build a practice and a therapeutic space that includes all aspects of your world. I focus on trauma recovery, body image, disability, impulse control, depression, anxiety, creating boundaries, self esteem, empowerment, substance abuse, adaptive coping skills, and relationships.  I believe that therapy should be accessible for everybody who wants it. As part of my efforts to increase access to supportive services, I use a sliding scale and accept Medi-Cal. Please feel free to contact me for more information or to schedule an appointment.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
