{"title":"Colleen Hennessy LPCC - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":337,"salutation":"","first_name":"Colleen","last_name":"Hennessy","credentials":"LPCC","job_title":"Licensed Psychotherapist","company":"","short_desc":"Counseling with Colleen\n\n\nCA Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor #286","phone":"619-878-3286","fax":"","address":"4080 Centre St., Suite 202, San Diego, CA 92103","email":"counselingwithcolleen@gmail.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.counselingwithcolleen.com/","website2":"","fees":"Free initial consultation.  $150; sliding scale available","description":"I am a bisexual-, pansexual-, poly- and open relationship-affirming therapist. I provide therapy to teens, adults, and couples who want to connect with their personal values, live more authentically, and find deeper connection in relationships. I understand the unique cultural challenges of being bisexual, without making assumptions about your personal experience. My style of therapy is genuine, energetic, down-to-earth, skill-based, and filled with humor. Therapy is a transformational experience that can help move you from feeling stuck and hopeless to realizing (or remembering!) what your strengths are and using them to create meaningful change to live the life you prefer. \n\n\n\n\n\nI have experience working with people who struggle with substance abuse and other addictions, suicidal thoughts, and mental illness, although I do not believe that you have to have a diagnosis in order to benefit from therapy. I also enjoy being an expert ear for someone who has a family member or loved one dealing with mental illness or addiction. If you are dealing with any of these issues, or simply want an affirming and non- judgemental therapist, give me a call!","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
