{"title":"Bet MacArthur - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-MA","id":42,"salutation":"","first_name":"Bet","last_name":"MacArthur","credentials":"","job_title":"MSW,  LICSW   #100193 (MA)","company":"","short_desc":"Board-Certified Diplomate of the American Board of Examiners in Clinical Social Work.","phone":"617 499 9490 x2","fax":"call for fax number","address":"14 Pleasant Street   Cambridge MA 02139","email":"","email2":"","website":"","website2":"","fees":"$95 for individual therapy or consultation, $105 for couples work, $125 for first two meetings for gender evaluations; then regular fees apply to subsequent meetings.","description":"Clinical Social Worker; personal and corporate coach with Arena Group Coaching & Consulting; consultant; producer of the longest-running and largest psychology-in-film series in the\nnation, <a href=\"http://www.psychologygoestothemovies.org\">http://www.psychologygoestothemovies.org</a>, and teacher of film and pop culture theory. Also, disability activist, currently Chair of the City of Cambridge Commission for People with Disabilities.\n\n\n\n \n\nAs a therapist, I provide individual, couple and family psychotherapy to people of all ages, cultures and nationalities; of all gender and sexual expressions; and to people with disabilities of any kind. My current case load includes Asian, African-American, and West Indian\nclients as well as European and Celtic descendants; and includes bi and gay men, lesbians and bi women, poly individuals and couples, cross-dressers and those in the BDSM D/S scene (see below)\nI work in English. I understand West Indian. My secondary office is fully accessible, but I do not have ASL or TTY.   I will work with any level of trouble or \"mental illness,\" including people diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, psychotic illnesses, Aspergers (autism), epilepsy, etc. I also provide consultation of all kinds in psychiatry and therapy issues, second opinions, diagnostic aid, etc.  I work as covering senior clinician for many Cambridge therapists when they are away.\nSome special areas of experience include: ADD & ADHD; Evaluating and supporting people (including children and adolescents) with gender concerns, cross-dressing, and those seeking\ncomplete gender realignment or correction (I  am an approved provider in this speciality).\nI work with artists, actors, performers, writers, poets, and other creatives. I do pre-marital counseling upon request for couples with differences in race, class or  culture; or for couples in which one partner has a significant disability.\n\n\n\n\n\nAs a coach, I work with *anyone who has a goal* they are determined\nand committed to achieve. I coach physicians; I coach for ICI, a program for\nwomen with disabilities seeking employment or career development; I coach\nnovelists, screenwriters, contruction workers, nurses, etc.  The Arena\nMethod® is used by coaches in my firm and has proven very dynamic -- it\nteaches clients *how to want something* in the way that ensures getting it.\nFees for coaching are structured differently from most professional\nfees, but are roughly similar to therapy costs overall.  Clients contract\ninitially for 90 days, usually including one 30-minute phone meeting per week\n(clients may be in any part of the world) and weekly structured tasks.\nDifferent service packages provide additional supports according to each\nplan. For the client, coaching requires guts and is a more strenuous course\nthan being in therapy; it also works faster to structure current goals.\n\n\n\n\n\nVitae of publications available upon request.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-MA (Massachusetts)","countries":"US","regions":"MA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
