{"title":"Reed Lindberg - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CO","id":160,"salutation":"","first_name":"Reed","last_name":"Lindberg","credentials":"","job_title":"MA, LPC","company":"","short_desc":"Licensed Professional Counselor - Colorado # 354\nBoulder Psychotherapy Institute","phone":"303 494 0393","fax":"","address":"1140 Lehigh St., Boulder, CO 80305","email":"reed4321@indra.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.boulderpsych.com","website2":"","fees":"Contact Reed for more info on fees. Free initial meeting offered.","description":"Reed Lindberg, M.A., L.P.C., is the Managing Director of the Boulder\nPsychotherapy Institute. He is a therapist with 20 years experience.\nHe refers to his work as Relationship, Sex and Romance Counseling.\n\n\n\n\n\nReed works with people of all sexual orientations, and feels\nprivileged to share in the inner and interpersonal worlds of his\nclients and to work with them on their personal and relationship\nissues. He works to restore playfulness and trust to a relationship\nthat may have grown mired in everyday life. His therapy is a mutual\nexploration of a couples issues and strengths. He does work with both\nindividuals and couples.\n\n\n\n\n\nReed uses an existential perspective supplemented by Gestalt therapy\nand other approaches. Existential therapy starts from the assumption\nthat we do not have a static self and are free to make significant\nchanges in our lives and in the ways that we relate to each other. It\nencourages each persons freedom while building relationship. It works\nwith authenticity. Neither freedom nor connectedness are ignored.\n\n\n\n\n\nA therapist must be willing to go there with clients if he is to\nhelp them extricate themselves from the impact of the past. But he\nbelieves that it is the release of creativity and authentic\nrelatedness in the present that is the aim of psychotherapy. Reed\noffers a free initial meeting to help see if we will work well together.\n\n\n\n\n\nReed also works with language and communication to help change the\nstyle of a couples dynamics. Resentments and even anger may tinge a\ncouples interactions - a trusted third party, through observation and\ncoaching, can help modify the words and attitudes that bring\nfrustration to a relationship.\n\n\n\n\n\nTo understand, respect, and be present to the lived reality of others\nis one of the great privileges of living in relationship and of being\na psychotherapist.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CO (Colorado)","countries":"US","regions":"CO","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
