{"title":"Molly Adler - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-NM","id":347,"salutation":"","first_name":"Molly","last_name":"Adler","credentials":"","job_title":"Lic. Clinical Social Worker","company":"","short_desc":"AASECT Certified Sex Therapist\n\n\nSex Therapy NM\n\n\nNM Social Work License #C-10088","phone":"505-916-1081","fax":"","address":"231 Sierra Drive SE, Suite 4, Albuquerque, NM 87108, USA","email":"Molly@SexTherapyNM.com","email2":"","website":"http://sextherapynm.com/","website2":"","fees":"$125-150 and sliding scale available. I accept Blue Cross, Presbyterian, NM Health Connections, True Health NM insurance plans","description":"Molly is an AASECT Certified Sex Therapist (CST) who believes in a holistic approach to wellness through personal empowerment. Her approach is collaborative and interactive, encompassing mindfulness-based cognitive behavioral therapy, attachment theory, trauma-informed neuroscience, internal family systems, person-centered therapy, with an intersectional feminist and social justice lens. She is honored to collaborate on another's journey of self-discovery.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMolly's approach uses body-based mindfulness throughout her work. Staying grounded and present is key to being able to grow and work through trauma and hurt. She enjoys helping people learn to be with uncomfortable emotions and face challenges that may seem overwhelming at times. You have the strength within you to meet these challenges. Change is possible.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI serve adults, couples, and up to 2 partners at a time.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-NM (New Mexico)","countries":"US","regions":"NM","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
