{"title":"Dr. Reece Malone - Psychotherapists - Licensed from CA-Manitoba","id":291,"salutation":"","first_name":"Dr. Reece","last_name":"Malone","credentials":"","job_title":"DHS, MPH, CSE, CST, ACS","company":"","short_desc":"Sex Therapist, Sexologist, Sexuality Educator\n\n\nSexuality Consultants and Support Services Manitoba, Inc.\n\n\nDoctorate in Human Sexuality, Masters of Public Health. Certified Sex Therapist through the Sex Therapy Post Graduate Institute (West Palm, Florida), Certified Sexuality Educator through the American Association of Sexuality Educators, Counselors and Therapists.","phone":"204-471-8771","fax":"204-809-4717","address":"North Trauma & Resource Center    106-55 Nassau Street South    Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada    R3L 2G8","email":"info@reecemalone.com","email2":"","website":"www.reecemalone.com","website2":"","fees":"$130/hr, $195/1.5 hrs, sliding scale available","description":"I provide sex therapy, counselling, consulation and sexuality education to individuals, those in relationships, and service providers. I welcome all sexual orientations (lesbian, gay, bisexual, asexual, straight), gender identities (cis and transgender) and relationship dynamics (including open and poly relationships). Issues we can address together include: navigating sexual and gender identity, intimacy concerns, physiological issues such as erectile dysfunction, sexual pain, orgasm and ejaculation concerns, low and diminished desire, fetishes, kink and BDSM, out of control sexual behaviour, being caught, sexuality and religion, sexuality and injury or chronic pain, as well as sexuality enhancement and enrichment. I am available to deliver sexuality workshops to service providers in both the private and public sectors throughout North America. In-office and Skype consulations available. Populations: adults","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"CA-Manitoba","countries":"CA","regions":"Manitoba","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
