{"title":"Sheila Addison - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":295,"salutation":"","first_name":"Sheila","last_name":"Addison","credentials":"","job_title":"PhD, LMFT","company":"","short_desc":"Marriage and Family Therapist LMFT 49616","phone":"510-599-5467","fax":"","address":"411 30th St., Suite 412, Oakland, CA 94609, USA","email":"drsaddison@gmail.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.drsheilaaddison.com","website2":"","fees":"See below for fee info","description":"I have been working with clients from diverse cultural, sexual, and gender identities, as well as diverse body sizes, for more than 20 years. I can help with all kinds of relationship issues, including managing conflict, setting boundaries, resolving problems more effectively, and creating greater emotional closeness and satisfaction. I have published articles and book chapters about working with all kinds of LGBTQ+ relationships. Couple therapy is one of my specialities; I have advanced training in Emotionally Focused Therapy, and am in the process of becoming certified in Gottman Method Couple Therapy. I can help address sexual issues in intimate relationships as well, including kink/BDSM relationships and non-monogamous relationships. I am experienced with relational and sexual issues that come up around transition/gender affirmation processes. I work with issues of weight and body image from a weight neutral, Health at Every Size (r) approach. My approach is active, engaging, and warm. My office is wheelchair-accessible. I do not have a sliding scale but do reserve a limited number of appointments for reduced-fee clients. I also typically have at least one post-graduate associate in my practice who may have space for lower-fee clients.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
