{"title":"Charles Strauss - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-MA","id":198,"salutation":"","first_name":"Charles","last_name":"Strauss","credentials":"","job_title":"LICSW","company":"","short_desc":"MSW, LICSW (Mass. #114129)","phone":"857-523-8268","fax":"","address":"175 Elm St, Somerville, MA  02144    (6 minute walk from Porter Square and Davis Square on the Red Line)","email":"Charles@CharlesStrauss.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.CharlesStrauss.com","website2":"","fees":"Fees: Free initial consultation for those without insurance.  Sliding scale fee of $80-$120 per session thereafter.  Additionally, I accept most forms of Blue Cross Blue Shield, including HMO Blue.","description":"Folks who identify as bisexual or bi-curious have distinctive concerns.  While not every client will have a need to discuss their orientation, every client deserves a therapist who is completely accepting and affirmative of their orientation and gender expresssion.\n\n\n\n\n\nI have facilitated adult bisexual and bi-curious mens groups at Fenway Community Health in Boston for the last 7 years.  Groups have included college students to older folks and have addressed a broad range of subjects, including <u>Getting Past Stereotypes</u>, <u>Monogamy and Polyamory</u>, <u>Bisexuality and Desire</u> <u>Coming Out</u>, <u>Safer Sex</u>, <u>Queer Sexuality</u>, and <u>Bisexuality in the Workplace</u>.  Check out the groups website at the <a href=\"http://www.fenwayhealth.org/site/PageServer?pagename=FCHC_srv_services_bi\"><u>Fenway Community Health - Bisexual Health page</u></a>\n\n\n\n\n\nI have presented educational workshops on bisexuality for therapists through the National Association of Social Workers.  As a previous member of the Massachusetts statewide LGBT Liaison Committee to the Department of Children and Families, I continually advocated for the inclusion of bisexual families' concerns.  Through my initiative, the agency began marching in the Boston Youth Pride parade each May, visibly demonstrating support for the spectrum of LGBT youth.\n\n\n\n\n\nThe Bisexual Resource Center awarded me their Unsung Hero Award in 2011.  I have presented educational workshops on bisexuality for therapists through the National Association of Social Workers.  As a previous member of the Massachusetts statewide LGBT Liaison Committee to the Department of Children and Families, I continually advocated for the inclusion of bisexual families concerns.  Through my initiative, the agency began marching in the Boston Youth Pride parade each May, visibly demonstrating support for the spectrum of LGBT youth.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIn addition to my work with adults, I work with kids, teens, and young adults, including gender-variant and trans youth.  I have worked with youth with mental health concerns for over ten years, both 1-on-1 and with family members in the room.  Areas of experience include a broad range of mental health, social, educational, and familial stresses, as well as parent consultation.  I have supported numerous families seeking special education supports both within and beyond their public school district.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-MA (Massachusetts)","countries":"US","regions":"MA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
