{"title":"Francine Kleinpaste Ph.D, LPC, LBS - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-PA","id":352,"salutation":"","first_name":"Francine","last_name":"Kleinpaste","credentials":"Ph.D, LPC, LBS","job_title":"","company":"","short_desc":"HopeWorks-PA, LLC\n\n\nLicensed Profession Counselor and Licensed Behavior Specialist in Pennsylvania\nPC012065  and  BH000001; American Public University: Post-Doctoral - Developmental Psychology (2019); Mountain State University: Ph.D. Organizational Psychology (2011); Purdue University: M.S.ED. Counseling and Personnel Services (1996); B.A. Clinical Psychology (1993)","phone":"724-709-7867","fax":"724-800-3440","address":"3572 Brodhead Rd, Ste. 103, Monace, PA  15051","email":"hopeworkspa@gmail.com","email2":"","website":"https://www.facebook.com/HopeWorksPA/","website2":"","fees":"Insurances accepted:  Medicaid (Beaver and Lawrence Counties - PA)  Highmark and BCBS in PA  UPMC commercial  Military One Source  Sliding Scale ($60-90/Session)  In person or telehealth appointments","description":"I am a licensed professional counselor who identifies as bi and lives an alternative kink lifestyle in an open marriage. I am an EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) clinician. I have extensive history working with those impacted by sexual abuse and domestic violence. No subject is off-limits, or \"too much,\" to be discussed in session. I work with LGBTQIA+  and those alternative lifestyle communities including the poly and kink communities.  I utilize various modalities to help reduce depression, anxiety, insomnia, and stress and improve overall self-esteem.  My goal is to ensure my client find emotional peace and grow confident, in order to be able to make positive contributions to this world.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-PA (Pennsylvania)","countries":"US","regions":"PA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
