{"title":"Alex Caroline Robboy - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-PA","id":292,"salutation":"","first_name":"Alex Caroline","last_name":"Robboy","credentials":"","job_title":"CAS, MSW, LCSW","company":"","short_desc":"Name of Business: The Center for Growth / Sex Therapy in Philadelphia\n\n\nMy Profession: Individual, Couples, Family and Sex Therapist\n\n\nDegrees: Masters in Social Work from the University of Pennsylvania. Certificate of Advanced Studies in Sex Education from University of Pennsylvania. Post Masters in Marriage and Family Therapy from PENN Council for Relationships, Department of Psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania. Certified as an IMAGO Therapist. AASECT Certified Sex Therapist and Sex Therapist Supervisor. Certified thru the American Board of Sexology as a Sexologist. Licensed Clinical Social Worker in PA CW013529","phone":"267-324 9564","fax":"","address":"233 6th Street, Suite C33, Philadelphia PA 19106, USA","email":"","email2":"","website":"http://www.sextherapyinphiladelphia.com/ and www.therapyinphiladelphia.com","website2":"","fees":"$40-$200","description":"I am the founder of The Center for Growth / Sex Therapy in Philadelphia.  I have been doing therapy for 20+ years.  I work with people who are struggling with addiction, anger, anxiety, compulsive behavior, depression, grief, identity issues, postpartum and parenting issues, trauma and sexual function / dysfunction.  What makes our practice unique is that all of psychotherapists and psychiatrists have specialized training in individual, couples and sex therapy.  In addition, we have a strong masters and post-masters training program.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-PA (Pennsylvania)","countries":"US","regions":"PA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
