{"title":"Valerie Igl - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":100,"salutation":"","first_name":"Valerie","last_name":"Igl","credentials":"","job_title":"MFT","company":"","short_desc":"Marriage and Family Therapist, CA License #MFC33784","phone":"510-527-5662","fax":"","address":"near El Cerrito Plaza BART station","email":"valigl@earthlink.net","email2":"","website":"http://www.FeministTherapyAssociates.com","website2":"","fees":"FREE half hour phone consultation.  Moderate fees, generous sliding scale.  I accept Interplan, Victim-Witness, and Medi-Cal (Alameda and Contra Costa Counties). Day and evening appointments.","description":"I am a bi-friendly lesbian therapist who believes societal oppression\naffects mental health. I have been counseling people since 1979, using empathy, humor and intuition to assist in the healing process.  My style is supportive and interactive.  I focus on\nsolving present-day problems, bringing in your past history as needed to shed light on patterns\nthat no longer work for you.  I see therapy as a mutual partnership, with you as the expert on\nyour own life.\n\n\n\n  \nMy specialties include:  abuse survivors, sexual concerns, recovery from\naddictions, relationship problems, disability/chronic illness, and sexual minorities (bisexual,\nlesbian, transgender, gay, polyamory, BDSM).  I see individuals who are at least 15 years old, and couples/families/polygroups.  I also offer EMDR, a very effective trauma\nreduction technique.\n\n\n\n  \nPhone sessions are possible for the homebound, or residents of California\noutside the San Francisco Bay Area.  My office is in a tranquil garden setting on the ground\nfloor, and is scent- free.  I am a member and former Board President of Gaylesta, the Gay,\nLesbian, Bisexual, Transgender Psychotherapist Association of the Bay Area.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
