{"title":"Raymond L. Scott - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":182,"salutation":"","first_name":"Raymond L.","last_name":"Scott","credentials":"","job_title":"PhD","company":"","short_desc":"Clinical Psychologist","phone":"805-602-0229","fax":"805-464-4355 (FAX)","address":"9700 El Camino Real  Suite 303  Atascadero, CA 93422","email":"rlscott842@charter.net","email2":"","website":"https://sites.google.com/site/raymondlscottphd/","website2":"","fees":"My fees are based on a sliding scale. I accept most insurances.","description":"Often times, how we feel about ourselves, others, and situations has a lot to do with the stories of our lives and problems that are manufactured in social, cultural and political contexts. I collaborate with clients to create alternate stories that creatively solve their problems and increase their fulfillment in life. As a result, I am very committed to understanding and incorporating cultural aspects of the clients life into treatment. I view therapy as a collaborative experience where we select goals/objectives that will help you become the person you want or experience the relief you seek.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOne important mission for me is to provide lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer communities an affirming therapeutic environment where ones sexual orientation and gender identity are understood and supported, free from the judgment that homosexual, bisexual or transgender experiences are pathological. I honor the range of diversity within all of us.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI provide psychological assessment and psychotherapy for individuals experiencing anxiety and mood disorders, persons grappling with gender and/or sexual identity issues, or those adjusting to the many ways of being masculine. I also provide therapy for persons seeking help related to the lived-experience of AIDS/HIV, sexual abuse and PTSD.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nPublications:\n\n\n\n\n\n\nScott, R. L. (2006). Promoting well-being: An ecology of intervening with African American bisexual clients. Journal of Bisexuality, 6, 65-84.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nScott, R. L., & Shoptaw, S. (2003). A pilot study of contextual and partner factors that contribute to unprotected sex across African American sexual identities. The Community Psychologist, 36, 9-11.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nScott, R. L., & Shoptaw, S. (1999). Combining Crack with Risky Sex. In L. S. Harris (Ed.), Problems of Drug Dependence, 1999: Proceedings of the 61st Annual Scientific Meeting, The College on Problems of Drug Dependence, Inc. Bethesda, MD: U. S. Department of Health and Human Services and the National Institutes of Health.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nScott, R. L. (2007). Addressing social invalidation to promote well being for multiracial bisexuals of African descent. In B. A. Firestein (Ed.), Becoming Visible: Counseling Bisexuals across the Lifespan. New York: Columbia University Press.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nScott, R. L. (2006). Promoting well-being: An ecology of intervening with African American bisexual clients. In R. C. Fox (Ed.), Affirmative psychotherapy with bisexual women and bisexual men. Binghamton, NY: The Haworth Press Inc.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
