{"title":"Julia Schiffman MSW - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":344,"salutation":"","first_name":"Julia","last_name":"Schiffman","credentials":"MSW","job_title":"Relationship Couns/Therapist","company":"","short_desc":"Associate Clinical Social Worker (ASW #77096), CA, Supervised by Anne Goshen (LCSW 7839)","phone":"619-623-4457","fax":"","address":"9815 Carroll Canyon Rd #101, San Diego, CA 92131, USA","email":"therapy@juliaschiffmanmsw.com","email2":"","website":"https://juliaschiffmanmsw.com/","website2":"","fees":"Free initial consultation.  Low fee slots available. Individual $125 and couples $165.","description":"I am an openly queer therapist working with individuals, couples, and consenting non-monogamy-poly relationships.  My affirming therapy approach supports individuals of diverse sexualities communities, including LGBTQ+ individuals, kink, BDSM, consensual non-monogamy, swingers, polyamory, and sex workers.   I work with those who experience anxiety, depression, intimacy, and sexual health-related challenges, or trauma.\n\n\n\n\n\nAs an affirming therapist in San Diego, I wish to help you through the fear of being misunderstood, so we can get to the issues that are most pressing to you. My approach to therapy is through relational models such as Emotionally Focused Therapy and Gottman as well as cognitive-behavioral therapy.  Knowing yourself is the key to knowing why you behave and feel the way you do. Through self-exploration, you will develop better self-awareness. You will understand what elicits anxiety and what makes you feel happy and satisfied--where you identify your emotions and reactions to outside stressors.  Do not waste another minute being paralyzed by fear of not being heard or supported for the life you live.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
