{"title":"Alex Iantaffi - Psychotherapists - Licensed from UK-All","id":133,"salutation":"","first_name":"Alex","last_name":"Iantaffi","credentials":"","job_title":"PhD MSc","company":"","short_desc":"Systemic Psychotherapist at Transforming Perspectives","phone":"+44(0)7956516688","fax":"","address":"32 Larchwood Road, Hemel Hempstead, HP25NB, Hertfordshire, UK","email":"alex.iantaffi@gmail.com","email2":"","website":"","website2":"","fees":"See below","description":"I offer counselling and psychotherapy services to individuals, couples and\nfamilies, including children of all ages. My background is in teaching,\nresearch and education and I am particularly interested in issues of gender,\nsexuality and diversity. I am a native speaker of Italian and am also fluent\nin British Sign Language (CACDP Stage 3), as well as English. I have\nworked in CAMHS (Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services) clinics for\ntwo years, whilst a trainee, and I am currently working as a volunteer\nfamily therapist with PACE, London, where I work with LGBT couples and\nfamilies. I am also an active researcher and writer:\n\n\n\n\n\nIantaffi A. (2003) From Klein to Kelly: Construing Bisexuality to Reshape\nSocietal and Gendered Expectations. In: Chiari G. & Nuzzo M.L. (Eds.)\nPsychological Constructivism and the Social World.  Milan, Italy: FrancoAngeli, pp. 79\n86.\n\n\n\n\n\nIantaffi, A. (2006) Polyamory and parenting: some personal\nreflections. Lesbian & Gay Psychology Review, 7 (1), pp. 70- 72.\n\n\n\n\n\nBarker M., Cassidy A., Iantaffi A., Brewer L. and Bowes-Catton H. (in press)\nBritish Bisexuality: A Snapshot of Bisexual Identities in the UK. Journal\nof Bisexuality.\n\n\n\n\n\nBarker M., Iantaffi A. and Gupta C. (in press) Kinky clients, kinky\ncounselling? The challenges and potentials of BDSM. In: Moon, L.\n(Ed.) Feeling Queer or Queer Feelings: Counselling and Sexual Cultures. Bruner-Routledge.\n\n\n\n\n\nMy service is for anyone who wishes to seek counselling or psychotherapy.\nYou may be facing particular issues, such as depression, relationship\nbreakdown, retirement, parenthood, homophobia or you may like to just have\nsome time to think about your life with someone outside of your everyday\ncircle of support. If you are uncertain about whether this service is for\nyou, feel free to contact me for an initial discussion.The service can be\nprovided in your own home, at my home, over the phone or online. Please\ncontact me to discuss what would best be suited to your situation.\n\n\n\n\n\nA one-hour session costs 45 pounds. Please note that the first session is offered\nfor 30 pounds and will last 45 minutes. (If you are unsure on whether\ntherapy is for you or would like to ask some questions/meet me prior to the\nfirst session, a shorter, initial consultation of 20 minutes is offered for\nfree, usually on the telephone or online, but face-to-face is also available\nif preferred). Discounts are available when paying for a block of sessions\nin advance. Please enquire during the first meeting. If the session is to\ntake place at your home and you live more than 5 miles from Hemel Hempstead,\nthere will be an additional charge for travelling time and petrol. A written\nagreement can be negotiated during the first session.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"UK-All (United Kingdom)","countries":"UK","regions":"All","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
