{"title":"Arlene Istar Lev - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-NY","id":66,"salutation":"","first_name":"Arlene","last_name":"Istar Lev","credentials":"","job_title":"MSW, CSW-R, CASAC (NY #034680)","company":"","short_desc":"Social Work and Family Therapy","phone":"518.463.9152","fax":"","address":"Choices Counseling and Consulting - 321 Washington Ave., Albany, New York, 12206","email":"info@choicesconsulting.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.choicesconsulting.com","website2":"","fees":"$33-80, most insurances okay","description":"Arlene Istar Lev CSW-R, CASAC is a social worker, educator,\n      and activist with twenty years experience addressing the\n      unique health care needs of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and\n      transgendered people.  She is the founder of Choices\n      Counseling and Consulting in Albany, New York, providing\n      family therapy for LGBT people. She is also on the adjunct\n      faculties of S.U.N.Y. Albany, School of Social Welfare, and\n      Vermont College of the Union Institute and University, where\n      she teaches both in traditional classroom settings, as well\n      as web-based education. Additionally, Arlene is the Project\n      Manager for Rainbow Access Initiative, a training program on\n      LGBT issues for therapists, funded through a NYS Department\n      of Health Grant. Arlene has been working with transgendered,\n      transsexual, and other gender variant people for the past 15\n      years.\n\n\n\n\n\nArlenes expertise is in issues related to sexual and gender\n      identity issues, as well as trauma recovery, addictions, and\n      parenting in alternative families. Arlene works within a\n      feminist family systems and empowerment modality and is\n      trained in numerous psychotherapeutic and psychospiritual\n      arts. She has published numerous articles on issues of\n      domestic violence and sexual assault in the LGBT community,\n      and family therapy approaches to working with family members\n      of those who are gender variant. She maintains a column on\n      LGBT parenting issues at www.LesbiaNation.com, and a Dear\n      Ari advice column at \n<a href=\"http://www.ProudParenting.com\">www.ProudParenting.com</a>.\n\n\n\n  \n\n      Arlene is a member of the National Association of Social\n      Workers, and the Harry Benjamin International Gender\n      Dysphoria Association, as well as an advisory board member of\n      the Lesbian and Gay Family Building Project. She is the\n      former  Chair of the National Association of Social Workers\n      [N.A.S.W.], New York State Chapter, Lesbian and Gay Issues\n      Committee (1986-1994).\n\n\n\n\n\nAdditionally, Arlene has 5 articles coming out in queer journals, one\nchapter, and two books currently in press. one called Transgender\nEmergence: Counseling Gender Variant People and their Families, and the\nother called How Queer! LGBT Parenting.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-NY (New York)","countries":"US","regions":"NY","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
