{"title":"GG Raven Wilber CSC - Psychotherapists - Unlicensed from US-All","id":353,"salutation":"","first_name":"GG Raven","last_name":"Wilber","credentials":"CSC","job_title":"Sexologist and Sex Coach","company":"","short_desc":"AKA Ladyboy Gigi\n\n\nRavens Lair\n\n\nI received my certification in sexology and sex coaching at Sex Coach University.  https://sexcoachu.com","phone":"210 874-9288","fax":"","address":"I provide my services on Zoom and through my website.","email":"admin@ggwilbur.com","email2":"","website":"https://ggwilbur.com/","website2":"","fees":"$175.00 per person - per hour","description":"GG Wilbur provides a variety of services within the field of sexology.  I provide sexual education starting with the basics through advanced techniques and practices.  As a sex coach, I am trained in working with clients to identify and reach their goals in healthy forms of sexual expression.  I utilize the MEBES model that was developed by Dr. Patti Britton.\n\n\n\n\n\nThe MEBES model is a holistic approach that employs the mind, emotions, body, energy, and spirit.  As a sexologist, I can provide sex coaching to resolve sexual issues and concerns.  Even if you have no sexual issues or concerns, my services can take you to higher levels of spiritual sexual enlightenment.\n\n\n\n\n\nSpecialties\n\n\n\n\n\nMy specialty areas are sacred sexuality and spiritual sexual enlightenment.  I utilize techniques based in Tantra, and Taoist teachings in working within spiritual sexuality.  I serve people in the Bi+, Pagan, BDSM, and Burning Man communities.\n\n\n\n\n\nThe following are services that I provide:\n\n\n\n\n\nSpiritual Sexuality\n\n\n\n\n\nSacred Sexuality and Sexual Enlightenment\n\n\n\n\n\nBody Image Healing\n\n\n\n\n\nExpanding sexual expression\n\n\n\n\n\nLiving a sex positive lifestyle free of guilt and shame\n\n\n\n\n\nAuthor of The Dominant's Handbook - An Intimate Guide to BDSM","categories":"Psychotherapists - Unlicensed","location":"US-All (Nationwide)","countries":"US","regions":"All","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
