{"title":"Cal Domingue - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":118,"salutation":"","first_name":"Cal","last_name":"Domingue","credentials":"","job_title":"MFT","company":"","short_desc":"CA License # MFC39338","phone":"415-377-0544","fax":"","address":"3978 24th St (between Sanchez & Noe)   San Francisco, CA 94114","email":"cal@caltherapy.org","email2":"","website":"http://www.caltherapy.org","website2":"","fees":"Free initial phone interview. Sliding scale fee of $60-$95 per session thereafter.","description":"My goal is to help each client cope with his or her unique life\nchallenges, and to thrive beyond any perceived limitations. My mindset is\ncompassionate and avoids pathologizing. Instead I focus on feelings,\noptions, honest reflection, perspectives, choices, and skill building. \nI work from a multicultural perspective, and try to help clients\nshed any social prejudices that may have become part of a negative\nself-image.\n\n\n\n    \n\nI have worked with couples, families, and individual adults,\nfrom children through adults, of many different races, ethnicities, and\norientations. Within the adult bisexual community I have worked with\nboth couples and individuals to address issues including intimacy\n(physical, emotional, sexual), sexuality & sexual identity,\ncommunication, and conflict.   I have also worked with clients\non parenting, cross-cultural concerns, gender, MTF & FTM transitions,\nleather, mid-life, body image, considering parenting,\nspirituality, HIV/AIDS, care-giving, and grief & loss.\n\n\n\n\n\nMy office is in San Francisco on 24th St, convenient to the Castro, Noe\nValley, Glen Park, and Outer Mission; it is near several bus lines (48,\n24, J, & 35) and a 10-minute walk from the 24th St. BART station.  I\nprovide services in English and French, and speak rudimentary Spanish.  I\nhave applied to various insurance panels,  so please call to check if\nthat is a consideration.\n\n\n\n\n\nI have worked at UCSF/AIDS Health Project and SF/CMHS Center for Special\nProblems; currently I am on the teaching faculty at the California\nPacific Medical Center. I have over 15 years experience working with\nindividuals and couples, in various capacities. If you would like more\ninformation, or to get a clearer sense of who I am and how I work, please\ncall for a free telephone interview.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
