{"title":"Elizabeth Galen - Psychotherapists - Unlicensed from US-TX","id":338,"salutation":"","first_name":"Elizabeth","last_name":"Galen","credentials":"","job_title":"Intuitive Healing Coach","company":"","short_desc":"Green Heart Guidance, LLC\n\n\nPh.D., The University of Texas-Austin","phone":"","fax":"","address":"P.O. Box 200444, Austin, TX 78720, USA","email":"elizabeth@greeenheartguidance.com","email2":"","website":"http://GreenHeartGuidance.com","website2":"","fees":"Please contact me for fee information","description":"Elizabeth Galen, Ph.D., is a unique intuitive healer who combines her metaphysical skills with rigorous intellectual training and a life of challenging experiences to provide help for others facing difficult challenges in their own lives. As an intuitive healing coach, Elizabeth's work encompasses many different avenues and takes the form that each client needs whether it is talking, researching, connecting with higher powers, utilizing energy healing methods, or referring to practitioners with different solutions. Unifying her work is a belief that the mind, body and spirit are all one unit, and that in order to heal one, people have to heal them all. Clients come to Elizabeth for a variety of reasons. The common theme with these clients is that they are seeking to heal. The struggles they face may be physical, mental, emotional, relational, sexual or spiritual in origin. Elizabeth has particular experience working with those who endure stubborn health challenges such as Lyme disease, fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, multiple chemical sensitivities, and many other chronic illnesses and conditions. Elizabeth has firsthand experience in healing from PTSD and C-PTSD in ways that are far gentler and more compassionate than those advocated by mainstream treatment. She also helps many who are looking to live \"greener\" lives without synthetic chemicals, who have suffered the death of a baby, or who simply want to approach their problems in different ways. In combining her wide range of skills, Elizabeth Galen helps clients discover new ways to heal when especially in cases when there seems to be little hope.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Unlicensed","location":"US-TX (Texas)","countries":"US","regions":"TX","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
