{"title":"Penelope (Nel) Mercer - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":334,"salutation":"","first_name":"Penelope (Nel)","last_name":"Mercer","credentials":"","job_title":"Assoc. Marriage and Family Th.","company":"","short_desc":"Affirming Therapy Center\n\n\nLicense: AMFT 109742, Supervised by Jennifer Rehor, LMFT 94564; Degrees: MS in Counseling/MFT from SDSU, MA in Developmental Psychology from SDSU, MA in Socio-Legal Studies from Sheffield University, UK","phone":"619-493-5249","fax":"","address":"3443 Camino Del Rio South, Suite 208, San Diego, CA 92108","email":"Penelope@AffirmingTherapyCenter.com","email2":"","website":"http://affirmingtherapycenter.com/","website2":"","fees":"Please contact me for fee information","description":"I work with adolescents (aged 12 and above), adults, families, couples, and other relationship constellations to improve relationships and facilitate personal growth. I have experience working with gender, sexual, and relational diversity and am open-minded and non-judgmental.  As your therapist, I will strive to create a warm, collaborative relationship with you. My goal is to create a meaningful therapeutic context in which each client feels safe, seen, and heard. Whether your concerns relate to life transitions, depression, anxiety, relationships, external stressors, or personal growth, our work will be in a caring environment. My therapeutic approach is grounded in the most current, culturally-aware, trauma-informed, and evidence-based practices, including Emotionally Focused Therapy (EFT), Mindfulness, Narrative Therapy, and Motivational Interviewing. \n\n\n\n\n\nMy own experiences of personal transition have shown me that life affords us many opportunities for growth and change - as individuals, and in our relationships with family members, partners, and friends. In my practice I focus on thinking and attachment patterns, and on the many personal, social, and cultural factors that contribute to resilience. Whatever your goals for therapy, I'm here to help. \n\n\n\n\n\n\nPlease note: Since I'm active in the local community and attend local events, it's possible that we may know some of the same people, and this is something we should discuss at the outset. If it's a concern, I'll provide you with appropriate referrals.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
