{"title":"Dennis Makarowski - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-NJ","id":98,"salutation":"","first_name":"Dennis","last_name":"Makarowski","credentials":"","job_title":"M.Ed., LCSW, CAC","company":"","short_desc":"Social Worker and Program Director, Freehold Community Counseling Service. Certified Alcoholism and Drug Abuse counselor. License Number: NJ 44SC00398100","phone":"(732)409-6260","fax":"(732) 409-1304","address":"30 Jackson Mills Road Freehold, NJ","email":"dmakarowski@twp.freehold.nj.us","email2":"","website":"http://www.twp.freehold.nj.us/FCCS.htm","website2":"","fees":"See website.","description":"A community service for the residents of Freehold Township and Freehold\nBorough. <u>Freehold Community Counseling Service</u> is a community substance\nabuse prevention/intervention program dedicated to the control of alcohol\nand drug abuse in our communities. In addition to substance abuse we are\navailable to individuals and families for a variety of concerns. Our goal\nis to serve as an immediate resource to all residents. All counseling\nservices are strictly confidential and available to all residents of\nFreehold Township and Freehold Borough.\n\n\n\n\n<u>Alcohol and Drug Abuse</u> - The alcohol and drug abuse services include\nprevention programs, assessment, intervention, and referral assistance\nfor adults, adolescents, and their families seeking help in their\nstruggle with addictive substances. The Counseling Service provides a\nfour week evaluation and referral service, individual, group, and family\ncounseling, COA groups, and after care programs.\n\n\n\n\n<u>Preventative Education</u> - Our staff welcomes the opportunity to present\neducational programs on a variety of topics, such as communication,\nstress management, date/domestic violence, parenting skills, or alcohol\nand drug abuse, to schools, community organizations, and agencies. We\nalso assist individuals or community groups in planning and implementing \neducational programs and prevention activities.\n\n\n\n\nCounselors are available Monday through Wednesday 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.\nThursday and Friday 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. We are not available on weekends. Spanish speaking\ncounselors are available.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-NJ (New Jersey)","countries":"US","regions":"NJ","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
