{"title":"Lindsey Brooks Ph.D. - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":335,"salutation":"","first_name":"Lindsey","last_name":"Brooks","credentials":"Ph.D.","job_title":"Psychologist","company":"","short_desc":"Dr. Lindsey Therapy\n\n\nPh.D. Licensed Psychologist CA PSY24418","phone":"415-737-5540","fax":"","address":"815 Hyde St, Suite #317, San Francisco, CA 94109","email":"lindsey@drlindseytherapy.com","email2":"","website":"https://drlindseytherapy.com/","website2":"","fees":"Please contact me for fee information","description":"The unique thing I offer is a deep understanding of what it's like to live \"in between\". To live in the middle space of the sexuality spectrum. Whether you identify as bisexual, pansexual, queer, or fluid; I'm here for you. Living in that middle place is something I have specialized training and experience working with. I am passionate about supporting the bi+ community and helping the invisible become visible. One of my favorite things I have done in my career is run bi+ support groups.\n\n\n\n\n\nWe will work together to help you feel more at ease, empowered, and maybe even allow yourself to be imperfect once in a while. When you begin to accept all the parts of yourself with compassion, things begin to change. You find your voice. I look forward to discovering your voice together.\n\n\n\n\n\nIf you are seeking a therapist who is: social justice minded, an anti-racist ally, sex positive, feminist, and bisexual+ affirming, let's talk. Schedule a FREE 20 minute phone consultation with me on my website: www.drlindseytherapy.com\n\n\n\n\n\nThe populations I serve - ages and concerns:\n\n\n\n\n\nAdults, Individuals, Couples, Anxiety, Relationship Concerns, Oppression & Discrimination Related Stress, Work Stress, Family Issues.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFees - Out of Network.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nList of publications authored:\n\n\n\n\n\n\n* Brooks, L.M. & Inman, A.G. (2013). Bisexual Counseling Competence: Investigating the role of attitudes and empathy, Journal of LGBT Issues in Counseling, 7, 65-86.\n\n\n\n* Brooks, L.M., Inman, A.G., Klinger, R.S., Malouf, M.A., & Kaduvettoor, A. (2010). In her own words: Ethnic-minority bisexual women's self-reported counseling needs. Journal of Bisexuality, 10, 253-267.\n\n\n\n* Brooks, L.M., Inman, A.G., Malouf, M.A., Klinger, R.S., & Kaduvettoor, A. (2008). Ethnic- minority bisexual women: Understanding the invisible population. Journal of LGBT Issues in Counseling, 2, 260-284.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
