{"title":"Aaron Karmin - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-IL","id":303,"salutation":"","first_name":"Aaron","last_name":"Karmin","credentials":"","job_title":"Psychotherapist","company":"","short_desc":"LCPC in IL #180006195","phone":"888-726-7170 ext 556","fax":"","address":"Urban Balance, 180 N. Michigan Ave #410, Chicago, IL 60601","email":"akarmin@urbanbalance.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.urbanbalance.com/","website2":"","fees":"Please contact me for fee information","description":"I am an active therapist in that I ask questions and offer consistent feedback to guide the session's focus. I utilize an integrative style - applying a variety of approaches to best meet the needs of each client/couple and their concerns. It is my belief that the counseling process is one in which all parties are actively involved. I recognize the need for flexibility and creativity to address the mind and body. My approach focuses identifying physical cues, recognizing thoughts, considering consequences, implementing solutions, choosing behaviors, and promoting expression.  I am a certified clinical hypnotherapist, who holds an advanced certification in stress management and author of \"The Anger Management Workbook for Men\". I believe that therapy is a proven, effective way to help people overcome emotional problems. I find satisfaction in being able to guide clients on their journey as they navigate obstacles and endure struggle, only to come out healthier and more confident. All humans struggle with their feelings and its a sign of strength and intelligence to know when to seek support. Any professional who has useful skills and the right tools, is an asset, not a liability. I am an in-network provider with BCBS and provide individual/relationship counseling that specializes in: Intimacy (Physical & Emotional), Identity & Sexuality (Bi, Poly, Trans, Kink), Anger Management, Depression and Anxiety, Relationship Problems, Life Transitions, Grief and Loss, Work and Career Issues, Stress Management.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-IL (Illinois)","countries":"US","regions":"IL","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
