{"title":"Hollis Herman DPT PT OCS WCS BCB-PMD IF AASECT PRPC - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-MA","id":313,"salutation":"","first_name":"Hollis","last_name":"Herman","credentials":"DPT PT OCS WCS BCB-PMD IF AASECT PRPC","job_title":"","company":"","short_desc":"HealthyWomen HealthyMen LLC","phone":"617-576-3204","fax":"617-497-1565","address":"675 Mass Ave. Suite 5, Cambridge, MA 02139","email":"","email2":"","website":"http://hollyherman.com/","website2":"","fees":"Please contact me for fee information","description":"I fully support the LGBTQ..... community in my belief that sexuality is a human right. The expectation that all people have positive experiences should be supported and promoted by all regardless of orientation and age. I am currently the only physical therapist in the world who is certified by American Association for Sexuality Educators, Counselors and Therapists (AASECT ) as a Sexual Counselor. It is a unique combination of skills in that I am licensed to work in the physical, anatomic, physiologic and psychologic realms with the goals of improved function. I am one of 7 physical therapists in the world certified as a Female Sexuality Counselor and ISSWSH Fellow by the (International Society for the Study of Female Sexual Health). I have been a physical therapist for 41 years, with Board certification in Orthopedics, Women and Men's Health, Biofeedback, and Pelvic Therapy Practitioner. It is my passion to educate as many medical providers to ask, listen, validate and help all people seeking their assistance to improve their function as sexual beings however that is expressed. I have a full time private practice in Cambridge, MA seeing patients/couples and teach internationally to other physical therapists and medical providers. I have authored numerous chapters, articles and developed a validated tool for female function in activities of daily living with vulvodynia. My male and female patient population includes those with urologic, gynecologic, obstetric, reproductive, sexual, colorectal, gastrointestinal and orthopedic issues throughout the life span.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-MA (Massachusetts)","countries":"US","regions":"MA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
