{"title":"Karin Wandrei - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-CA","id":247,"salutation":"","first_name":"Karin","last_name":"Wandrei","credentials":"","job_title":"PhD, LCSW (her, she)","company":"","short_desc":"Licensed in California as a Clinical Social Worker since 1983, LCSW number LJ10609; MSW and PhD from UC Berkeley.","phone":"707-304-4245","fax":"707-665-5682","address":"Rohnert Park, CA  94928 (Sonoma County) and online in California and Florida","email":"karin@karinwandrei.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.karinwandrei.com","website2":"","fees":"$130  Can slide down to $100.  I also accept PHP/Beacon Medi-Cal in Sonoma,  Marin, and other northern California counties.","description":"I work with individuals 18 years and older, couples, and other family constellations including polyamorous families. I particularly enjoy working with women, LGBQ folks, and young adults. \n\n\n\n\n\n\nCommon issues people bring include child abuse, post-traumatic stress, relationships (including open, polyamorous and kinky relationships), depression, anxiety, LGBQ , mid-life, work, and alcohol and other drugs. I also am interested in working with children/ grandchildren of Holocaust survivors, introverts, first responders, rural residents, military brats, academics, highly intelligent people, classical musicians, human service managers, and social justice advocates. \n\n\n\n\n\n\nI use a combination of techniques that best meet your needs, including psychodynamic, cognitive behavioral, family systems, and solution-focused approaches. \n\n\n\n\n\n\nMy underlying orientation is looking at the person(s) in environment, which includes a strong social justice commitment. It is important to understand how issues such as lack of access to housing, a poor economy, homophobia, sexism, and racism impact upon what we perceive as our individual or family problems. \n\n\n\n\n\n\nI can do therapy over the Internet if you are in California or Florida.  If you are on PHP/Beacon Medi-Cal in Sonoma, Marin and some other northern California counties I can now do online therapy.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-CA (California)","countries":"US","regions":"CA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
