{"title":"Christina Malecka MA, LMHC - Psychotherapists - Licensed from US-WA","id":336,"salutation":"","first_name":"Christina","last_name":"Malecka","credentials":"MA, LMHC","job_title":"","company":"","short_desc":"Bachelor of Philosophy, Miami University 1990; Masters of Arts, Antioch University Seattle 2006; Certificate in Adoption and Foster Care Therapy, Cascadia Training 2010; EMDR Training, EMDR Institute 2014; Attachment Focused EMDR Training Dr. Laurel Parnell 2017; WA State license # LH60123241","phone":"206-414-8251","fax":"","address":"1904 Third Avenue, Suite 609, Seattle, WA 98101, USA","email":"christina@christinamalecka.com","email2":"","website":"http://www.christinamalecka.com/","website2":"","fees":"$90 - $130 per session.  Paneled with Premera Blue Cross, Blue Cross/Blue Shield plans and LifeWise","description":"I am an openly bi/queer-identified psychotherapist with a private practice in downtown Seattle. I work with people who experience themselves as outsiders to the dominant culture: creative artists, performers, activists, LGBTQ, and gender-nonconforming folks, and anyone else who feels \"other\" due to cultural or family bias. My approach is trauma-informed, anti-oppression-focused, social-justice oriented and politicized. I have provided trainings on affirmative care for LGBTQ children and youth for Cascadia Training, The Saying it Out Loud Conference and Gender Odyssey, and I served on the Advisory Board on the Children's Hospital Gender Clinic from 2016 -2018. Most recently I have decided to devote more time to supporting fellow bisexuals with their mental health and have started training other clinicians on best practices for working with bisexual clients (for more information on my trainings, go to: http://www.christinamalecka.com/workshops/2019/1/27/so-youre-straight-now-clinical-considerations-for-working-with-bipansexual-clients).\n\n\n\n\n\nI am trained extensively in LGBTQ health issues, intimate partner violence, adoption and trauma, and practice EMDR and Attachment-Focused EMDR.  I work with individual clients age 13 and up and I am available for consultation with other therapists. For more about my work, go to my website at christina@christinamalecka.com.","categories":"Psychotherapists - Licensed","location":"US-WA (Washington)","countries":"US","regions":"WA","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
