{"title":"Geri D. Weitzman - Educators from US-All","id":78,"salutation":"","first_name":"Geri D.","last_name":"Weitzman","credentials":"","job_title":"PhD","company":"","short_desc":"Licensed Psychologist - CA License # PSY17963 - Workshop presenter / educator on Bisexual, LGBT, and Polyamory concerns.","phone":"415-517-7965","fax":"","address":"1100 Sanchez Street (corner of 24th), San Francisco, CA 94114","email":"gdw@numenor.org","email2":"","website":"http://www.numenor.org/~gdw/psychologist","website2":"","fees":"See below","description":"**Workshops and lectures I have given include:**\n\n<ul type=\"disc\">\n<li>**What Therapists Should Know About Working with Bisexual Clients**\n<ul type=\"circle\"><li>How is being bisexual different from being gay or lesbian? What are some specific concerns that bisexuals face? How can a counselor take these issues into account so as to be supportive to their bisexual clients?</li></ul>\n</li>\n\n\n\n<li>**When Someone You Know Is Lesbian, Gay or Bisexual**\n<ul type=\"circle\"><li>It is estimated that one out of every ten people is lesbian, gay, or bisexual. Today more and more gay people are finding it possible to come out to their friends, families and co-workers. Come join an open discussion about perceptions of lesbians, gays and bisexuals in society. We will examine stereotypes, explore homophobia, and talk about what it feels like to be different from others. </li></ul>\n</li>\n\n\n\n<li>**What Psychology Professionals Should Know About Polyamory: The Lifestyles and Mental Health Concerns of Polyamorous Individuals.** \n<ul type=\"circle\">\n<li>Polyamory is a lifestyle in which romantic partners agree that they may each have romantic relationships with other people as well. It is distinguished from infidelity by the presence of honest, supportive communication between partners and lovers about the existence of each of these relationships in their lives. This workshop talks about some of the unique concerns that polyamorous people face, and the ways in which a therapist can be supportive of and helpful to their polyamorous clients.</li></ul>\n</li>\n\n\n\n<li>**Coming Out Issues Workshop**\n<ul type=\"circle\">\n<li>Lesbians, gays and bisexuals are frequently faced with the decision of whether to come out to their friends, families, and co-workers. Coming out can be associated with both benefits and risks. In this workshop, we will talk about how one might make the decision to come out and about ways of coming out to the people in one's life. We will also talk about community resources that can offer support as these choices are made.</li></ul> \n</li>\n\n\n\n<li>**Bi-Gay Dialogue: Are We Family?** \n<ul type=\"circle\">\n<li>There have historically been rifts between the bisexual and gay communities. This workshop will examine the sources of those rifts. We will discuss experiences that these two communities have in common, and what each experiences distinctly. It is hoped that the discussion will foster a sense of support and understanding between the two communities. All are welcome to attend.</li></ul>\n</li>\n\n\n<li>**Other workshops / lectures can be custom-created to fit the particular needs of your organization.**</li>\n</ul>\n\n\n\n**Workshop/Lecture Fees:**\n<ul type=\"disc\">(Sliding scale offered for non-profit organizations) I charge $100 per hour of presentation time and $40 per hour of travel time (up to a maximum of 8 hours in a given day), plus travel and lodging expenses as applicable. For instance, a two hour lecture in San Francisco would cost $240: 2 hours of lecture at $100 each, plus a half hour each way from my home in San Mateo county (2x20). A two hour lecture in New York would cost $840 plus travel/lodging expenses: 2 hours of lecture at $100 each, 8 hours of travel time each way (16x40 = $640), plus airfare and overnight lodging accomodations.\n</ul>\n\n\n\n**More about me:**\n<ul type=\"disc\">I am an openly bisexual psychologist, practicing in San Francisco (Noe Valley neighborhood). I have experience working within the Bisexual, Lesbian, Gay, Polyamory, Kink/BDSM, HIV+/POZ, and DD communities. My other specialties include relationship work, career counseling, managing depression, anxiety, anger, substance and internet addictions, codependency, and self-acceptance. I am the coordinator of the <a href=\"http://www.bizone.org/bap\">Bisexuality-Aware Professionals Directory</a>, and the author of <a href=\"http://www.polyamory.org/~joe/polypaper.htm\">What Psychology Professionals Should Know About Polyamory</a>.</ul>","categories":"Educators","location":"US-All (Nationwide)","countries":"US","regions":"All","lastUpdate":"1899-11-30T00:00:00.000Z","type":"entry"}
